feat: (IAC-893) Ingress-nginx service annotation added for Azure LB probing issue (#418)
sassoftware/viya4-deployment: docs/Troubleshooting.md

>1. for local services, HTTP and /healthz would be used. The health probe will query NodeHealthPort rather than actual backend service
>2. for cluster TCP services, TCP would be used.
>3. for cluster UDP services, no health probes.
>
> Since v1.20, service annotation `service.beta.kubernetes.io/azure-load-balancer-health-probe-request-path` is introduced to determine the health probe behavior.
  >- For clusters <=1.23, spec.ports.appProtocol would only be used as probe protocol when `service.beta.kubernetes.io/azure-load-balancer-health-probe-request-path` is also set.
  > - For clusters >1.24, spec.ports.appProtocol would be used as probe protocol and `/` would be used as default probe request path (`service.beta.kubernetes.io/azure-load-balancer-health-probe-request-path` could be used to change to a different request path).

To resolve this issue the ingress-nginx version should be 1.3.0 (or later) with the following annotation configured :
> --set controller.service.annotations."service\.beta\.kubernetes\.io/azure-load-balancer-health-probe-request-path"=/healthz

### Solution:

> For Users upgrading their AKS cluster's Kubernetes version to 1.24 (or later) and used viya4-deployment v6.3.0 (or prior) for the SAS Viya Platform deployment, please use viya4-deployment v6.4.0 (or later) and re-run the baseline install task.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
For Users upgrading their AKS cluster's Kubernetes version to 1.24 (or later) and used viya4-deployment v6.3.0 (or prior) for the SAS Viya Platform deployment, you must use viya4-deployment v6.4.0 (or later) and re-run the baseline install task.
```

Reviewer: just a suggestion so they know what they have to use.

Author: Applied the suggestion. Thanks.
